Add `libsecret` to `Dockerfile` and mention the dependency on `README` (#646)
microsoft/vscode-vsce: README.md

Or simply [Docker](#via-docker).

> ### On Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Linux
```

> This project uses [keytar](https://www.npmjs.com/package/keytar) that uses `libsecret`, so you may need to install it before running `vsce`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to save credentials safely, this project uses [keytar](https://www.npmjs.com/package/keytar) which uses `libsecret`, which you may need to install before publishing extensions. Setting the `VSCE_STORE=file` environment variable will revert back to the file credential store. Using the `VSCE_PAT` environment variable will also avoid using keytar.
```
